about ready to go out Bryan sit down max
what's the matter we're gonna be late we
have a seven o'clock reservation at
spaghetti town we're not going to steady
down why not we've been planning this
for weeks I knew exactly when I man
ordered spaghetti town you have to bring
me to spaghetti town why are we going to
spaghetti town because there is no
spaghetti town I made it up it's not
real all those ads you read in the
newspaper I paid for them all those
commercials you saw on TV I film them
myself but we ate it spaghetti town
three times already that was Ed city in
brattleboro New Hampshire I made up the
spaghetti town menus I paid them to
welcome us to spaghetti town i carve the
spaghetti town sign myself and put it up
in front of the building but I detailed
the logo onto the spaghetti town trucks
it's all a lie max there is there is no
spaghetti town oh it's a lie max I made
it up there is no spaghetti town there
is no spaghetti town stomp there's no
such thing as spaghetti town there's no
such thing as spaghetti town shut up
there's no such thing as spaghetti town
there's no such thing spaghetti town
there's no such thing is spaghetti town
Getty town spaghetti down look at etown
spaghetti town spaghetti town we get it
down forget eat down spaghetti now look
any sound look at it down